README.md, before:

# cfn-stack-notifications

Sets up an SNS topic for all your stacks in all regions.

This will be useful when you want to track deployments. The SNS topics can relay messages to many destinations, including AWS Lambda. This means you can subscribe a function to the topic and send deployment events to your chatbot. 


If you use [sceptre](https://github.com/cloudreach/sceptre), you can deploy this in all regions in one step with:

`sceptre launch -y dev`

or deploy per region with this button: 

<a href="https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/stacks/new?stackName=cfn-stack-notifications&templateURL=https://s3.amazonaws.com/jeshan-oss-public-files/cfn-stack-notifications-template.yaml">
<img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/cloudformation-examples/cloudformation-launch-stack.png"/>
</a>


Note that this project is still experimental. Please share your experiences with the community.

Also, note that it relies on CloudTrail already set up. You can set one with the following snippet:

```yaml
Trail:
  Type: AWS::CloudTrail::Trail
  DependsOn: TrailBucketPolicy
  Properties:
    IncludeGlobalServiceEvents: true
    IsLogging: true
    IsMultiRegionTrail: true
    S3BucketName: !Ref TrailBucket

TrailBucket:
  Type: AWS::S3::Bucket

TrailBucketPolicy:
  Type: AWS::S3::BucketPolicy
  Properties:
    Bucket: !Ref TrailBucket
    PolicyDocument:
      Version: '2012-10-17'
      Statement:
        - Action: s3:GetBucketAcl
          Effect: Allow
          Principal:
            Service: cloudtrail.amazonaws.com
          Resource: !Sub '${TrailBucket.Arn}'
        - Action: s3:PutObject
          Condition:
            StringEquals:
              s3:x-amz-acl: bucket-owner-full-control
          Effect: Allow
          Principal:
            Service: cloudtrail.amazonaws.com
          Resource: !Sub ${TrailBucket.Arn}/AWSLogs/${AWS::AccountId}/*
```


# For forkers
You can setup a deployment pipeline on AWS by running:

`sceptre launch -y deployment`

or deploy manually with this button: 

<a href="https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/stacks/new?stackName=cfn-stack-notifications-deployment-pipeline&templateURL=https://s3.amazonaws.com/jeshan-oss-public-files/cfn-stack-notifications-deployment-pipeline-template.yaml">
<img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/cloudformation-examples/cloudformation-launch-stack.png"/>
</a>


Then, run the pipeline. You have the ability to provide sceptre with the necessary configuration and credentials that you will want to keep private.
Read the buildspec for this, in particular:
`aws s3 sync s3://${PRIVATE_BUCKET}/github.com/${REPO}/master .`

You can place your private sceptre configuration at that location in a private bucket and they will be pulled on build.
There's a script available to send these files to S3: Edit your private bucket in `upload-private-config.sh` and run it.
That's all what's needed for sceptre to work.

Commit message:

output not available yet so using predictable role names instead

README.md, after:

# cfn-stack-notifications

Sets up an SNS topic for all your stacks in all regions.

This will be useful when you want to track deployments. The SNS topics can relay messages to many destinations, including AWS Lambda. This means you can subscribe a function to the topic and send deployment events to your chatbot. 


If you use [sceptre](https://github.com/cloudreach/sceptre), you can deploy this in all regions in one step with:

`sceptre launch -y dev`

or deploy per region with this button: 

<a href="https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/stacks/new?stackName=cfn-stack-notifications&templateURL=https://s3.amazonaws.com/jeshan-oss-public-files/cfn-stack-notifications-template.yaml">
<img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/cloudformation-examples/cloudformation-launch-stack.png"/>
</a>


Note that this project is still experimental. Please share your experiences with the community.

Also, note that it relies on CloudTrail already set up. You can set one with the following snippet:

```yaml
Trail:
  Type: AWS::CloudTrail::Trail
  DependsOn: TrailBucketPolicy
  Properties:
    IncludeGlobalServiceEvents: true
    IsLogging: true
    IsMultiRegionTrail: true
    S3BucketName: !Ref TrailBucket

TrailBucket:
  Type: AWS::S3::Bucket

TrailBucketPolicy:
  Type: AWS::S3::BucketPolicy
  Properties:
    Bucket: !Ref TrailBucket
    PolicyDocument:
      Version: '2012-10-17'
      Statement:
        - Action: s3:GetBucketAcl
          Effect: Allow
          Principal:
            Service: cloudtrail.amazonaws.com
          Resource: !Sub '${TrailBucket.Arn}'
        - Action: s3:PutObject
          Condition:
            StringEquals:
              s3:x-amz-acl: bucket-owner-full-control
          Effect: Allow
          Principal:
            Service: cloudtrail.amazonaws.com
          Resource: !Sub ${TrailBucket.Arn}/AWSLogs/${AWS::AccountId}/*
```


# For forkers
You can setup a deployment pipeline on AWS by running:

`sceptre launch -y deployment`

or deploy manually with this button: 

<a href="https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-east-1#/stacks/new?stackName=cfn-stack-notifications-deployment-pipeline&templateURL=https://s3.amazonaws.com/jeshan-oss-public-files/cfn-stack-notifications-deployment-pipeline-template.yaml">
<img src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/cloudformation-examples/cloudformation-launch-stack.png"/>
</a>


You have the ability to provide sceptre with the necessary configuration and credentials that you will want to keep private.
Read the buildspec for this, in particular:
`aws s3 sync s3://${PRIVATE_BUCKET}/github.com/${REPO}/master .`

You can place your private sceptre configuration at that location in a private bucket and they will be pulled on build.
There's a script available to send these files to S3: Edit your private bucket in `upload-private-config.sh` and run it.
You need to create the role so that your deployment pipeline has permissions to deploy. To do that, for each environment, run `sceptre launch -y $ENV/base`
Then, run the pipeline. That's all what's needed for sceptre to work.
